hi everyone today I'm going to show you
one of my favorite fall dessert recipes
for an apple cranberry crisp I'm just
crazy about fresh tart cranberries in
general and they taste absolutely
delicious when combined with the
sweetness of apples this is really a
simple and quick dessert that's sure to
be a crowd pleaser so even if you're not
an expert Baker I would totally give us
a go I hope you enjoyed this recipe and
keep on watching so for the crumble I'm
first gonna start off with putting the
dry ingredients together go throw up
with half a cup of oats and another half
cup of all-purpose flour 1/2 a cup now
for sugar you can put anywhere between
half a cup to a cup of sugar I always
like to put a little bit less sugar in
recipes I just don't like things so
sweet if you like things very very sweet
about a cup I'm using brown sugar or
this is actually raw sugar but in North
America you use brown sugar so I'm going
to use a half a cup and maybe just like
a quarter more and then I'll see one
point about a quarter of a teaspoon of
salt then you want to add in a half a
cup of butter cold butter I'm going to
put in its 113 grams so I'm just using
my digital scale you can see the chunks
that I'm making and then I'm going to
put in a tablespoon of vanilla extract
so this is the pure vanilla extract the
real stuff do you want to taste nice and
vanilla so lips one tablespoon which is
quite a lot then I'm just gonna start
mixing that around and I like to first
keep it up just a little bit with just a
spoon and then I just like to use my
hands I find that just the easiest way
how to mix up the crumble mixture make
sure you have clean hands and I just mix
that up and kind of see what I've got
they're starting to incorporate and if
it's too soft like if you think it's a
bit too much butter you can always add
just a little bit more flour or the
a story good mmm
it's like Ruby dole next I want to
grease you our casserole dish so I'm
just using a little bit of paper with
some butter on it so next I'm going to
peel and core the apples and I'm using
brave or an apples for this I think in
North America is use Cortland which this
variety isn't available here so I'm
using Braeburn but an apple corer here
makes things a lot easier to take the
core out and then you can just slice up
the apples and if you just put directly
into your dish to the prepared dish make
sure you're gonna do this fast because
otherwise the apples are gonna turn
brown if you're not very quick at this
put some lemon juice on and right away
so that they're not going to oxidize so
I've used for apples in here but you
know depending on how big your dishes
you might want to use more or less I'm
going to add my fresh cranberries this
is 340 grams of cranberries I just love
cranberries a ton of this year and did
you know that cranberries are some of
the actually healthiest fruits or
berries that you can eat and the fruit
like when it's cooking it's going to
flatten out a bit so make sure you've
got a lot of fruit in here you're going
to add a little bit of spices so I've
got some cinnamon and I just like to
have a lot of cinnamon on my crumble
some cinnamon then here I've got cloves
ground cloves this one not as much
because it's much stronger and taste
just a little bit close I've got some
nutmeg
and for sugar I'm going to just use
plain old sugar for that and first gonna
add in half a cup I think that for me
personally might be enough and then I'm
just going to mix that around just using
my fingers I forgot to add a little bit
of lemon juice in here so I'm just going
to do that now like that catch the seats
I'm going to get some of the the crumble
and then you're going to crumble that on
top of everything so it should be nice
and crumbly
you just get that so once you've on your
crumble evenly distribute it on the top
you want to put it in a preheated oven
at 375 Fahrenheit or 190 Celsius and you
want to bake that for about 55 minutes
okay there you can see the crumble it's
all baked as you can see it's still bug
me doesn't that look so good can you see
it bubbling there I'm going to let it
cool down just a little bit but if you
want to serve it hot you can do that or
you can serve it warm with some vanilla
ice cream I'm just going to try a little
bit of us see how it turned out
mmm so don't you see on the bottom nice
and crisp on the top I personally like
you it's a little bit juicy mmm
so good it's nice and tart still which I
personally like but the crumble is nice
and sweet and has that almost like an
oatmeal vanilla flavor mm-hmm definitely
with vanilla ice cream this will taste
amazing so I hope you guys enjoyed this
recipe if you did I would really happy
if you give me a thumbs up and subscribe
to my channel thanks so much for
watching I'll see you soon bye
[Music]
you